Chen Feiyang
Qin Feiyang, you are so bold
Just became a consort
Just rush to the land of wind and moon like the Red Dust Pavilion
Sprinkle a wave
He also hit the young master of the Qian family
It's really a corpse country
Damage the royal face
Someone arrest Qin Feiyang for me
What is Brother Deng doing?
younger sister
Father Emperor ordered me to send someone to bring Qin Feiyang into the palace
Face to face with the young master of the Qian family
Get out of the way don't embarrass me
Don't worry.
Even if the sky falls, I will bear it for you
Isn't Qian Tailai higher than the strong?
I will enter the palace
I'd like to see how big a wave he can make
third brother
Your Majesty, do you have to make decisions for Xiaoming?
Qin Feiyang
Even the concubine can't hurt people for no reason, right?
My father is also the first giant bone of the Qing Dynasty
When did the Qing Dynasty send troops?
My father didn't donate Yin to donate food?
Qin Feiyang
Said you would pay for what you did